add alb support, upgrade elb resources and documentation (#92)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/lb_listener_rule.md

```

### Fixed-Response Action

~> **Note** This example uses the listener defined in the [Forward Action example](#forward-action).

```terraform
resource "aws_lb_listener_rule" "fixed-response-action" {
  listener_arn = aws_lb_listener.example.arn

  action {
    type = "fixed-response"

    fixed_response {
      content_type = "text/plain"
      message_body = "HEALTHY"
      status_code  = "200"
    }
  }

  condition {
    host_header {
      values = ["example.com"]
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `action` - (Required, Editable) The action that will be applied to incoming requests.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#action).
* `condition` - (Required, Editable) List of conditions that will be applied to incoming requests.
  For details about conditions, see the [user documentation][rule-conditions].
  The structure of this block is [described below](#condition).
* `listener_arn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.
    * _ARN Format_: `arn:c2:elasticloadbalancing::<project-name>@<customer-name>:listener/<app|net>/lb-12345678/li-12345678`
* `priority` - (Optional) Priority of the rule.

>   If `priority` is not set, it will receive the value of next highest available priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `priority` is not set, its value will be set to the next highest available priority.
```

~> **Note** A listener cannot have multiple rules with the same priority.

### action

The `action` block has the following structure:

* `type` - (Required, Editable) The type of the routing action.
    * _Valid values_: `fixed-response`, `forward`, `redirect`
* `fixed_response` - (Optional, Editable) The block with information about a fixed response to requests.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#fixed_response).
    * _Constraints_: `fixed_response` can be specified only if `type` is `fixed-response`
* `forward` - (Optional, Editable) The block with information about forwarding requests to target groups.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#forward).
    * _Constraints_: `forward` can be specified only if `type` is `forward` and `target_group_arn` is not specified
* `order` - (Optional, Editable) The sequential number of the action.
    * _Valid values_: From 1 to 50000
* `redirect` - (Optional, Editable) The block with information about redirecting requests to another URL.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#redirect).
    * _Constraints_: `redirect` can be specified only if `type` is `redirect`

> * `target_group_arn` - (Optional, Editable) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group to forward traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `target_group_arn` - (Optional, Editable) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group to forward traffic to.
```

    * _ARN Format_: `arn:c2:elasticloadbalancing::<project-name>@<customer-name>:targetgroup/tg-12345678`
    * _Constraints_: `target_group_arn` can be specified only if `type` is `forward` and the `forward` block is not specified

-> **Note** Use `target_group_arn` if you want to forward requests to a single target group. Otherwise, use the `forward` block.

#### fixed_response

The `fixed_response` block has the following structure:

* `content_type` - (Required, Editable) The content type of the response.
    * _Valid values_: `application/javascript`, `application/json`, `text/css`, `text/html`, `text/plain`
* `status_code` - (Required, Editable) The HTTP code of the response.
    * _Valid values_: `2XX`, `4XX`, `5XX`, where `X` is a digit
* `message_body` - (Optional, Editable) The message of the response.

>     * _Value length_: From 0 to 1024 symbols

Reviewer 2: nit:
можно дописать, что если status_code = 204, то message_body указывать в request нельзя. Такое валидируется.

>     * _Length of the value_: From 0 to 1024 symbols

Reviewer: см. аналог. прим.

Author: Теперь `Value length`

#### forward

The `forward` block has the following structure:

> * `target_group` - (Required, Editable) List of target groups to forward traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `target_group` - (Required, Editable) List of target groups to forward traffic to.
```

  The structure of this block is [described below](#target_group).

>     * _List size_: From 2 to 5 elements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * _List size_: From 1 to 5 elements
```

>     * _Size of the list_: From 2 to 5 elements

Reviewer: см. аналог. прим.

Author: Теперь `List size`

##### target_group

The `target_group` block has the following structure:

> * `arn` - (Required, Editable) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group to forward traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `arn` - (Required, Editable) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group to forward traffic to.
```

    * _ARN Format_: `arn:c2:elasticloadbalancing::<project-name>@<customer-name>:targetgroup/tg-12345678`
* `weight` - (Optional, Editable) The weight of the target group.

>     * _Valid values_: From 0 to 999

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * _Valid values_: From 0 to 256
```

    * _Default value_: 1

#### redirect

-> **Note** You can reuse URI components using the following reserved keywords: `#{protocol}`, `#{host}`, `#{port}`, `#{path}` (the leading "/" is removed), and `#{query}`.

* `status_code` - (Required, Editable) The HTTP redirection code.
    * _Valid values_: `HTTP_301`, `HTTP_302`
* `host` - (Optional, Editable) The name of the host. This component is not percent-encoded.
    * _Default value_: `#{host}`
    * _Value length_: From 3 to 255 symbols

>     * _Constraints_: See all the constraints in [ELB API documentation][redirect-action-config]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: See all the constraints in the [ELB API documentation][redirect-action-config]
```
пишем in the user documentation, тогда здесь тоже;
в других местах тоже поправить

* `path` - (Optional, Editable) The case-sensitive absolute path.

>   The value can contain `#{host}`, `#{path}`, and `#{port}`.

Reviewer: либо везде ставим зпт перед and, либо нигде (см. например стр. 273)
и так и так правильно, но вообще рекомендуют ставить, чтобы не возникало ситуаций как в русском "казнить нельзя помиловать" (хотя в англ. это не так критично)

Author: Давай будем ставить) поправила в других местах тоже

>   This component is not percent-encoded.

Reviewer: или cannot be (?)

Author: Тут имеется ввиду, что эта часть урла будет использоваться как есть без дополнительного кодирования

    * _Default value_: `/#{path}`

>     * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 128 symbols

Reviewer: см. анал. ком.

Author: Теперь `Value length`

    * _Constraints_: The path should start with the leading `/`
* `port` - (Optional, Editable) The port.
    * _Default value_: `#{port}`
    * _Constraints_: See all the constraints in [ELB API documentation][redirect-action-config]
* `protocol` - (Optional, Editable) The protocol.
    * _Valid values_: `#{protocol}`, `HTTP`, `HTTPS`
    * _Default value_: `#{protocol}`
* `query` - (Optional, Editable) The query parameters.
  The `?` character is automatically added to the beginning of the line.
  This component is not percent-encoded.
    * _Default value_: `#{query}`
    * _Length of the value_: From 0 to 128 symbols

### condition

The `condition` block has the following structure:

> * `host_header` - (Optional, Editable) The block with information about the host headers the host name in the URL should match.

Reviewer: тоже лучше добавить that как в стр. 306

  The structure of this block is [described below](#host_header).
    * _Constraints_: `host_header` can be specified only once per rule
* `path_pattern` - (Optional, Editable) The block with information about the path patterns that the path in the URL should match.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#path_pattern).
    * _Constraints_: `path_pattern` can be specified only once per rule

~> **Note** Exactly one of `host_header` or `path_pattern` must be set per condition.

#### host_header

The `host_header` block has the following structure:

> * `values` - (Required, Editable) List of the domain host names that the host name in the URL will be compared to.

Reviewer: а не host domain names
домен хоста ведь, не хост домена (?)

Author: Я взяла этот вариант из [пользовательской документации](https://docs.k2.cloud/en/api/elb/datatypes/HostHeaderConditionConfig.html#hostheaderconditionconfig). В оригинале доменные имена хостов

  If multiple names are specified, a logical OR operator is applied for the condition.

>     * _Length of the value_: From 3 to 255 symbols

Reviewer: см. анал. ком

Author: Теперь `Value length`

    * _Constraints_: See all the constraints in [ELB API documentation][host-header-config]

#### path_pattern

The `path_pattern` block has the following structure:

* `values` - (Required, Editable) List of the path patterns that the path in the URL will be compared to.

>   If multiple values are specified, a logical OR operator is applied for condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If multiple values are specified, a logical OR operator is applied for the condition.
```

>     * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 128 symbols

Reviewer: см.

Author: Теперь `Value length`

    * _Constraints_: See all the constraints in [ELB API documentation][path-pattern-config]

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule.

> * `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule.

Reviewer: ?

Author: x

### Unsupported attributes

~> **Note** These attributes may be present in the `terraform.tfstate` file, but they have preset values and cannot be specified in configuration files.

The following attributes are not currently supported:

`action.authenticate_cognito`, `action.authenticate_oidc`, `condition.http_header`, `condition.http_request_method`, `condition.query_string`, `condition.source_ip`, `forward.stickiness`.

## Import

> Listener rule can be imported using `arn`, e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The listener rule can be imported using `arn`, e.g.,
```
в других местах тогда тоже
